Rc june 2024 (#92)
EnterpriseDB/pg-backup-api: pg_backup_api/news.md

# pg-backup-api release notes

© Copyright EnterpriseDB UK Limited 2021-2024 - All rights reserved.

## 2.2.0 (2024-06-29)

### Buxfixes

> - Functions/methods signatures updates to support Barman >= 3.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Functions/methods signatures updates to fix regression with Barman <= 3.9
```
